cinema synopses spoiler alert the planet
Krypton unstable from years of
industrial mining phases impending
destruction Krypton's core is collapsing
jor-el chief advisor to Krypton Supreme
Council recommends the council give him
control of the genetics codex I will
ensure the survival race before any
action can be taken
soldiers led by General Zod an old
friend of jor-el 'he's launched an
uprising and arrest the councilors we've
taken up the sole against job realizing
that Krypton is doomed jor-el steals
genetic codes sought by Zod breaching
the Genesis chamber is a class-b crime
and infuses them into the DNA of his
infant son kal-el the first naturally
born Kryptonian child in centuries free
to forge his own destiny
donning his old armor jor-el sacrifices
his life to allow his son to escape on a
pre-programmed spacecraft Zod orders the
Rockets destruction down only to learn
that forces loyal to the council have
suppressed the rebellion in a brief
trial Zod and several of the surviving
rebels are convicted of treason and
sentenced to 300 cycles of somatic
reconditioning to the Phantom Zone
moments before Krypton explodes
following jor-el x' coordinates the ship
crash lands on earth in Smallville
Kansas a childless couple Jonathan and
Martha Kent find kal-el and raise him as
their own naming him Clark Clark
eventually becomes an isolated young man
as a result of developing superhuman
powers
he then learns his true origins from
Jonathan that is not from this world
Clark indeed are you who urges him keep
his powers hidden find out what you can
do it's gonna change everything
several years later Jonathan dies in a
tornado while refusing to let Clark
rescue burdened with guilt and looking
for a new purpose in his life
Clark leaves to travel the world for an
extended period of time under several
disguises
several months later metropolis daily
planet reporter Lois Lane receives an
assignment to investigate the discovery
of a Kryptonian Scout ship in the
Canadian Arctic disguised as a worker
Clark enters the ship and activates its
central computer using a key left by
jor-el which allows him to communicate
with an artificial intelligence modeled
after his father the AI explains that
Clark was sent to earth to guide its
people it will help them and presents
him with a Kryptonian uniform burying
his family symbol while following Clark
Lois inadvertently triggers the ship's
security system Clark
uses his powers to rescue Lois before
wearing the uniform and testing his
flying abilities
unable to convince supervisor Perry
White to publish an article on the
incident I can't print this Lois I'm not
running a story about aliens Lois tracks
down Clark and agrees to keep his secret
safe escaping the Phantom Zone Zod and
his crew intercept a transmission from
the Scout vessel and travel to earth
whoever's at the helm of that thing is
looking at matok and deducing that
kal-el is nearby they broadcast a global
address demanding that he surrender or
risk war Clark meets with the United
States Army and agrees to comply with
Lois joining him as a hostage
Zod reveals that he possesses advanced
terraforming equipment even a world
engine salvaged from Kryptonian outposts
which he intends to use to transform
earth into a new Krypton so that Krypton
can live again
his science officer jax-ur extracts
Clark's genes to create Kryptonian
colonists who will annihilate humanity
and build a society based on Todd's
ideals of genetic purity I don't think
they're interested in sharing this world
with help from jor-el Clark and Lois
flee
and warn the US military this man is not
our enemy thank you girl
just as Zod orders an invasion Cal
fights with Zod soldiers and if history
has proven anything it is that evolution
always wins and defeats them Jack sir
were feels that the Codex was never in
an object but hidden within Clark's own
body when he was a baby by his father
Saad unleashes the terraforming world
engine upon the earth release the world
that Clark is given the code name
Superman Superman Zod visits the Genesis
chamber and tells jor-el his plans for
earth I will harvest the Codex from your
son's corpse I will rebuild Krypton
Clark destroys the terraforming plant
while his human allies launched a
suicide attack the death is a toll
killings odds troops with the ship
destroyed and Krypton's only hope of
revival gone sod vows to destroy the
earth and its inhabitants Zod fights
supermen and in the process they both
destroyed downtown metropolis they then
crash into a train station resort
attempts to kill some passengers forcing
Superman to snap his neck killing him
[Music]
Superman persuade the government to let
him act independently so long as he does
not turn against humanity to allow
access to dangerous situations without
attracting attention Clark takes a job
as a freelance reporter for The Daily
Planet Susan Clark Kent a Billiken keep
watching for some fun Easter eggs and
trivia on Man of Steel in an early
Smallville seen near the Kent house a
truck passing by in the background
there's the Lex Corp brand name also a
building in Metropolis and a tanker
truck later bear the same name as well
this is the company run by Superman's
arch rival Lex Luthor Henry Cavill
naturally has a hairy chest and left it
untouched for the shoot of this movie he
insisted that Superman has chest hair in
this film he rejected the notion that
just because you were muscular you
should not have chest hair and cited the
Superman comic book The Death of
Superman as being an iconic
representation in which Superman had a
hairy chest when Clark is first learning
to fly he is only able to make a few
gigantic bounce in the first few
Superman comics in 1938 239 he was not
able to fly but could only leap
one-eighth of a
like a high-powered kangaroo the first
cartoons and movies decided that this
looked undignified and made him fly
which looks more majestic even though
physics give no logical reason for him
to have this ability the fortress of
solitude in this film is a Kryptonian
spacecraft secreted in the Arctic this
combines various comic versions of the
fortress of solitude
an Arctic location with a key like in
the Silver Age comics in 1958 an
artifact from previous Kryptonians like
The Adventures of Superman in 1989 and
an abandoned ship like in the new 52
comics of 2011 the Kryptonian ship had
one pod left open before Clark entered
it was revealed in a promotional comic
book that the ship was once occupied by
Clark's cousin Kara zor-el aka
Supergirl possibly indicating her
appearance in a forthcoming installment
if it is true it would mean that she is
at least 18 thousand years old according
to the carbon dating of the ship a
Kryptonian living this long is no
surprise as some of the comics tell us
that Superman lives to be at least over
80,000 years old and is essentially
immortal as long as the Sun remains
yellow the film released in June 2013
the 75th anniversary of Superman
[Music]